Wow look at the action in the back of
the field
Franchitti is trying to check out
meanwhile Team Penske is trying to eat
up some turf that was Elio Castroneves
who has won fast race car right now for
a driver to do that boys he ever
confident of the ability of his car goes
around the slower traffic of Sarah
Fisher Jack what's going on another
crashing it's upside down we've got a
car upside down it's Marco Andretti two
cars at least involved in this buddy
rice as well buddy was taken out last
year in a Shastra Elio this year a crash
with Marco let's listen
he's talking to the Delphi safety team
on a crash like that he's taking the
antennas off the car the radio probably
got dislodged up the front as we watched
buddy rice pop out of his driver &
Reinbold machine but you don't want to
see your teammate go out guys but you
have to know that Dario Franchitti right
now
even before he knows who's involved in
the crash
you got to think that he knows that this
is just gonna work in his favor buddy
rice was running I think 12 at the time
of this crash
of course Marco Andretti was in the top
ten
so marker moving in the car it looks
like these conscious looks like he's
okay
safety crew to him right now and
grandfather Mario looking on
so there's some damage on Dan Wheldon's
car that looks like they're working on
at the nose of his car he's in pit lane
Mario concerned and Marco has yet to
climb out of this race car
the Delphi safety crew I've had this in
my career they are so good they seen
people travel with you to each and every
event throughout the country also when
we race in Japan they know each and
individual driver they know the history
of the driver if he's had any crashes in
my case a broken back so if you ended up
in another accident they're much aware
of that and in this situation here with
Marco they will take extra care to make
sure they remove him cautiously and have
them checked out at the infield hospital
and if there's anything else that
concerns them he'll be taken down to
Methodist Hospital it looks like he's
got the helmet off you can see him right
in there he's talking to him so it looks
like Marco's okay grandpa can breathe
again
Martis just had a big crash he had to
get it catch his breath let everything
come back - we took his time getting up
out of the car and the safety team is
really taking her time with him
glad to see is okay he's walking away
disoriented a little bit
he just went upside down at over 220
miles per hour and survived it the cars
are so safe it's just incredible how
Safety's Indy cars are and what they can
survive Scott you see the damage in the
front nose of the car the grass from
when it caught caught and flipped them
actually over a couple of times just a
little bit sore so the man who finished
second last year as a teenager will not
finish his second Indy 500 that's his
mom on the right sister Marisa on the
left he's okay guys I know it's
frightening it's never fun to see a
family going upside down as rusty said
220 miles an hour this is our 10th
caution as we take another look at it a
lot of cars in the back everybody
weaving back and forth from there you
can see Marco Andretti went from being
on the right hand side of the track for
us and started to move across and ended
up starting to catch some wheels
probably with buddy rice rusty and that
was enough to actually start the chain
reaction for the cars crashing Scott I
wanna see this replay again because it
looks like he got across the front of a
red car back there I don't know exactly
who that was let's take a look at this
one more time
that's some damage also to Dan Wheldon's
car probably the first car that he went
across in front of and we saw Dan
Wheldon's car in the pit lane being
repaired now here we go now he's cutting
across just touches Dan Wheldon's car
that's on the right hand side brakes Dan
Wheldon's left front suspension Dan
Wheldon goes off to the left-hand side
very quickly here we ride-along with Dan
Wheldon
this is turn two back on the gas
remember everybody's very anxious only a
few laps left here and watch the
left-hand side of your screen he's going
to get squeezed over Marco doesn't know
he's there and the contact happens Marco
just did not see welded got across the
front of that was it and it's raining
guys
Darnell Frankie's leading this race the
rains porn down right now Marty and it
looks like Frank Keeney strategy as you
take one look from Marco and you see
from his on board Oh
up and over now see said rusty good
reason to get out of the car very slowly
if Frankie Dee's got enough fuel to make
it to the end guys which I believe he
does he said he'd go to lap 177 where
once